hey guys I'm just coming to you today
with one another wig review today I am
reviewing it's a wig it's a full cap
Juliet and color 3x3 at color DX 3 3 4 7
this is her and I'm really loving Aereo
when I first saw her on hair with Carla
I knew that I wanted to get her she's a
cute curly style it's just a simple cap
a full cap it's it is for two or five
worth safe up to 350 to 400 degrees and
a hat it says a tangle free so this is
her and I'm wearing her as a half wig
actually because when I saw this color
DX 3 3 4 7 I just knew that this color
was gonna blend really well with my hair
and I wanted to be able to wear it as a
half way so that's what I did this is
her coloring very very very pretty as
you can see she has like blondes and
browns and arbors and they're very
similar to my hair color and she was
really easy to blend for me I know the
camera it's looking a little like not as
blended here but because of my dark ends
it doesn't look bad in my opinion um and
I probably could you know just still
play with this a little bit more bring
this more forward you know play with him
or you could you could do all kind of
things but I really like her she's
really really really soft she comes with
a large comb in the front and a comb in
the back as well as adjustable straps
she has these nice loose wave curls
which is similar to kind of how my hair
is my hair is just a little bit curlier
than this how I blood in my hair is I
used I just braided the front and it
came out a little bit too tight so next
time I'm just gonna try to stting it
because I ended up having to use um my
barrel to make bigger curls but tomorrow
I'm gonna try to just twist it I think
it would be
good so she's really soft she's really
really nice she fits me really well so
I'm thinking I really like her y'all
what do you think I mean I think she
came out really really pretty very cute
very sub rich I think if you don't have
leave out for the front or enough hair
to pull out I still think she would look
fine just using her as a simple cat
because she she's very easy to maneuver
she is parted on this side and you
because it's not a lace plan you can't
you know move that around it has to kind
of stay there but you know you can
maneuver her kind of wear her sideways
down the middle you know play with her
but for the most part I think she's
really really pretty this is her if you
like that color gf2 3033 this color dia
x @ DX 3 3 4 7 is very similar to that
the only difference I found is that
instead of it being the 27 up here it's
a little bit of a more orange base 27 if
that makes sense I don't think it looks
that orange E but it it's just slightly
slightly different then did you have to
30 33 so yeah so one last look at the
unit this is her she's really stop I
think she's really really pretty really
nice for summer lengthwise he's not
really long unit but I think she's you
know a good white should that short wig
yep so if you have any questions let me
know thanks for watching bye